# 10up

## Company blurb

We make websites and content management simple and fun with premiere web design & development consulting services, by contributing to open platforms like WordPress, and by providing tools and products (like [PushUp](https://pushupnotifications.com/)) that make web publishing a cinch.

At 10up, we don’t just “make” things – we engineer them. We’re a group of people built to solve problems; made to create; wired to delight. From beautiful pixels to beautiful code, we constantly improve the things around us, applying our passions to our clients’ projects and goals.

We’ve had the privilege of working on big web projects for clients as diverse as TechCrunch, ESPN’s FiveThirtyEight and Grantland, SurveyMonkey, Junior Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), and Google.

## Company size

125 and growing, spread across web engineering, systems, design, project management, strategy/accounts, and operations.

## Remote status

10up didn’t integrate remote work – we intended to be remote from the start! Being remote allows us to find talent no matter where they're located, scale up to meet needs with relative fluidity, and have been bootstrapped from the start. We also recognize the challenges of working remotely, and put a lot of effort into in-person meetups, communication tools, and ensuring that employees have the benefits and support they need no matter where they are.

## Region

We have employees all around the world, from across the US to the UK to South Africa to the Philippines. Most are currently located in North America, a number travel frequently, and some even work nomadically.

## Company technologies

* WordPress
* PHP
* Sass
* Git
* Vagrant
* Nginx
* Memcache

## Office locations

None; or everywhere!

## How to apply

Check out our [careers page](https://10up.com/careers/) and send an email to jobs@10up.com. Our amazing Recruitment Manager Christine Garrison will be on the other end.
