# 18F

## Company blurb

18F is a civic consultancy for the government, inside the government, working with agencies to rapidly deploy tools and services that are easy to use, cost efficient, and reusable. Our goal is to change how the government buys and develops digital services by helping agencies adopt modern techniques that deliver superior products.

We are transforming government from the inside out, creating cultural change by working with teams inside agencies who want to create great services for the public.

We are a trusted partner for agencies working to transform how they build and buy tools and services in a user-centered way.

We will accomplish our mission by:

putting the needs of the public first
being design-centric, agile, open, and data-driven
deploying tools and services early and often

## Company size

100+

## Remote status

18F employees live all over the country. We work out of homes in Dayton and Tucson, St. Louis and Chapel Hill — and in federal buildings in San Francisco, Chicago, New York City, and Washington D.C.

That means many of our project teams are also made up of distributed employees working all over the country. For example, you may have a developer in Austin, a designer in Washington D.C., and a content strategist in Portland — but they’re all working on the same team and with the same partners.

Because we work on distributed teams so frequently, we've developed certain strategies for working well as a collaborative operation.

[We have a “remote first” mindset.](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/10/15/best-practices-for-distributed-teams/)

## Region

U.S. citizens, non-citizens who are nationals of the U.S., or people who have been admitted to the U.S. for permanent residence and hold a valid green card.

## Company technologies

Ruby, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript

## Office locations

Federal buildings in San Francisco, Chicago, New York City, and Washington D.C.

## How to apply

[Open positions](https://pages.18f.gov/joining-18f/open-positions/)

If you want to apply directly to 18F please email join18f@gsa.gov. We don’t require a formal cover letter, but let us know more about you:

Send your current resume, preferably as a PDF.
Link to your GitHub profile, design portfolio, or attach a writing sample.
Specify what role you’d like to be considered for. Check out our openings here.
If you're a Veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces or if you are eligible for "derived" preference, please mention that in your email so we can give you priority consideration.
Don't see an opening that suits you? Tell us what you want to do!

[How to apply](https://pages.18f.gov/joining-18f/how-to-apply/)
